I'll tell you what MAME fell he is thick
I bought him a book for his birthday he
says our cheers mate book I've already
got one
okay kids next on is this lovely lovely
silver Aprilia rsv4 stop number five 702
nine now this official UK bike was
registered on 1st of March 2004 to the
first of its three owners and between
them they've managed to rack up 18,000
miles we've got the v5 registration
document the owners manual the spare key
the spare key fob for the matter alarm
system that's fitted there's some old
MOT certificates some old receipts for
work service work and ties and things
that the people have bought for this
bike and we've got the current MOT which
expires on the 20th of April 2010 now
we've got the service warranty booklet
which shows dealer service history up to
thirteen thousand three hundred miles
so all present and correct so let's have
a look around this beautiful beautiful
bike there's that a logo people and
there's the bike
it's RSV 1000r it's a 2004 model and it
is absolutely stunning there's that
aggressive looking front end on it those
twin headlights with the air intake for
the ram air in between big diameter
brakes big Forks beautiful lines can't
beat these big twin cylinder sports
bikes they've got real character real
heart and this one is stunning
absolutely beautiful it's in tip-top
condition it's all standard apart from
the alarm system that's fitted this
one's running michdan radials they're
both in good condition as well so you've
got no excuses folks come on down and
get this one bought let's have a listen
at that engine e well there's the clocks
on this Aprilia rsv4 and now
beware this folks 997 beats with fuel
injected liquid Google six feet gearbox
monster of an engine
this is producing 137 break or sat nine
and a half thousand rpm and a massive
hundred and seven Newton meters absorbed
eight nine thousand rpm fantastic
or some dude now of course DK
motorcycles are franchised Aprilia main
dealers so we've got a full range demo
bikes available new models and used ones
so come on down get it sorted you know
you want to now here's the lovely D with
all our contact details
you